Added two new crates to the book. (#18)
dawn-rs/dawn-rs.github.io: src/chapter_1_crates/section_7_first_party/section_5_gateway_queue.md

# Gateway queue

`twilight-gateway-queue` is a trait and some implementations that are used by
the [gateway] to ratelimit `identify` calls. Developers should prefer to use the
re-exports of these crates through the [gateway].

> 

Reviewer: Extra line here

> `twilight-gateway-queue` is a set of a set of a trait and a few implementations
> of it that is used by the [gateway] to ratelimit `identify` calls. It will most
> of the time not be used directly, but instead through the reexport from the 
> [gateway].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`twilight-gateway-queue` is a trait and some implementations that are used by
the [gateway] to ratelimit `identify` calls. Developers should prefer to use the
re-exports of these crates through the [gateway].

```
